c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\SMS.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\SMS.pdb
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.dll
c:\users\namo\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.pdb
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\SMS.dll.config
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\SMS.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\SMS.pdb
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.pdb
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\obj\Debug\SMS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\Microsoft.Web.XmlTransform.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\Mvc.JQuery.Datatables.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\NuGet.Core.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\PagedList.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\QueryInterceptor.dll
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\PagedList.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
D:\Project\sms-store-managment-system\Applicantion\SMS\SMS\bin\Content\themes\base\images\edit_delete.png
